WIP BXMSDOC-8000 & BXMSDOC-8001: Update Kogito book as per 7.12 STP BAPLs (#72)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/getting-started-kogito/proc-kogito-custom-spring-boot-project-creating.adoc

+
[source,xml]
----
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
    <artifactId>kogito-predictions-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

Rules Spring Boot starter::
Starter for providing DRL support to your Spring Boot project. The following is an example of adding a rules Spring boot starter to your project:
+
[source,xml]
----
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
    <artifactId>kogito-rules-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

.Procedure
. In a command terminal, navigate to a local folder where you want to store the new project.
. Enter one of the following commands to generate a project using the `starters` or `addons` property:
* To generate a project using the `starters` property, enter the following command:
+
--
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ mvn archetype:generate \
    -DarchetypeGroupId=org.kie.kogito \
    -DarchetypeArtifactId=kogito-springboot-archetype \
    -DgroupId=org.acme -DartifactId=sample-kogito \
    -DarchetypeVersion={KOGITO_VERSION_LONG} \
    -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT
    -Dstarters=processes
----

> The new project includes the dependencies required to run the process microservices. You can combine multiple Spring Boot starters using a comma-separated list, such as `starters=processes,rules`.

Reviewer: Search for such as and replace with for example where appropriate.

Author: Done

--

> * To generate a project containing Prometheus monitoring using the `add-ons` property, enter the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To generate a project containing Prometheus monitoring using the `addons` property, enter the following command:
```
I think unless it's in the code, it's `add-ons` but in the code-related configuration it's `addons`.

Author: Fixed it

+
--
[source,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ mvn archetype:generate \
    -DarchetypeGroupId=org.kie.kogito \
    -DarchetypeArtifactId=kogito-springboot-archetype \
    -DgroupId=org.acme -DartifactId=sample-kogito \
    -DarchetypeVersion={KOGITO_VERSION_LONG} \
    -Dversion=1.0-SNAPSHOT
    -Dstarters=processes
    -Daddons=monitoring-prometheus,persistence-infinispan
----

NOTE: When you pass an add-on to the property, the add-on name does not require the `kogito-addons-springboot` prefix. Also, you can combine the `add-ons` and `starters` properties to customize the project.
--

+
. Open or import the project in your IDE to view the contents.

> . In a command terminal, navigate to the `pom.xml` file of your project and add the following dependency for the Spring Boot starter:

Reviewer 2: This is duplicating previous steps, isn't it? We already have the starter added (or more specific starters) by the archetype.

Author: Earlier, we just described the specific starters, but not added. Here, we are asking user to add it.

Reviewer 2: The maven command described in the first point will do exactly that - it will already add the specific starter dependency in the pom.xml file.
